10.16.0.183 (#194)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-16-0/platform-10-16-0-bundle/10-16-0-200.md

---
weight: 37
title: Release 10.16.0.200
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.16.0.164-10.16.0.200-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Administration</td>
<td>UTF-8 characters are now supported in names of files downloaded from the files repository with the export functionality.</td>
<td>MTM-46346</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Authentication</td>

> <td>Fixed an issue with device requests counter being increased while switching between standard apps (Administration, Cockpit, Device management).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Fixed an issue with the device request counter being increased while switching between standard apps (Administration, Cockpit, Device management).</td>

```
